Upgrading to a new version of Python requires a few steps:

1. Replace all references to `3.5.2` in the project (the directory name `3.5.2`, references inside `3.5.2/Makefile`, references inside `src/Makefile`, and references in the `README.md` file).

2. Update the `3.5.2/checksums` file to match the checksum of the new version of Python you wish to upgrade to.

3. We patch the Python source code in a few places to make it compatible with Emscripten and running asynchronously. These patches can be found in `3.5.2/patches/`, they must be updated to be compatible with the new version's source code.

4. We duplicate all functions on Python's execution hot path appending `_coldbrew_async` to their names. This allows us during compile time to run the normal execution path on WASM and run the duplicated executation path in the Emterpreter which allows for asynchronous execution. The reason we keep both is because WASM is much faster than code run in the Emterpreter. The file `3.5.2/AsyncPathCreator.cpp` contains a list of functions that need to be duplicated. This *may* change for future Python versions. This list of functions can be generated by adding the option `-s EMTERPRETIFY_ADVISE=1` to `src/Makefile`. Try to merge this list with the existing list of functions in `3.5.2/AsyncPathCreator.cpp` as to not miss any functions that the advisor might miss in the future.

5. Furthermore, the same list of functions that were just replaced in `3.5.2/AsyncPathCreator.cpp` need to be placed in `EMTERPRETIFY_WHITELIST` with `_coldbrew_async` appended and a single undescore (`_`) prepended. The first few entries in `EMTERPRETIFY_WHITELIST` should remain as they are unrelated to the Python source code.

6. Update the `SQLITE_VERSION` version variable in `3.5.2/Makefile` to update the version of SQLite Python's `sqlite3` uses.